Once upon a time there was a mother pig with three little pigs.  When it was time for the little pigs to live on their own, their mother told them, “Whatever you do, do the best you can!”

The first little pig built a house out of straw.  It wasn’t very strong, but it was quick to build and the little pig could spend more time playing, so he was happy.

The second little pig built a house out of sticks.  It also wasn’t very strong, but it was quick to build and the little pig could spend more time playing, so he was also happy.

The third little pig built his house out of bricks.  He remembered his mother’s words and worked hard to build the best house he could.  The brick house was strong and sturdy and the third little pig was very pleased.

One day, a Big Bad Wolf came upon the first little pig’s house of straw.  The wolf knocked on the door and said, "Little pig, little pig, let me come in!"  The little pig replied, "Not by the hair of my chinnychin-chin.” So the Big Bad Wolf huffed and puffed and blew the house in! The little pig ran all the way to his brother’s house of sticks.

The next day, the Big Bad Wolf came upon the second little pig’s house of sticks. The wolf knocked on the door and said, "Little pig, little pig, let me come in!"  The second little pig replied, "Not by the hair of my chinny-chin-chin.”  The Big Bad Wolf huffed and puffed and blew the house in! The two little pigs ran all the way to their brother’s house of bricks.

The next day, the Big Bad Wolf came upon the third little pig’s house of bricks.  The wolf knocked on the door and said, "Little pig, little pig, let me come in!”  The third little pig replied, "Not by the hair of my chinny-chin-chin.”  The Big Bad Wolf huffed and puffed, and he huffed and puffed again, and he huffed and puffed AGAIN!  But he couldn’t blow down the brick house.

The wolf saw the chimney and climbed up on the roof to try and get in.  The little pigs quickly lit a fire in the fireplace and put a kettle of water on to boil.  The wolf climbed down the chimney and SPLASH, fell into the kettle! The wolf sprang out of the hot water and ran away a fast as he could!  That was the end of the little pigs’ troubles with the Big Bad Wolf!

The next day the three little pigs invited their mother over for dinner.  She said "You see, it is just as I told you. The way to get along in the world is to do things as well as you can." Fortunately for the little pigs they learned their lesson and they lived happily ever after!

